feat: [CDS-54917]: combined expression for usergroups (#1477)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/9_Approvals/adding-harness-approval-stages.md

`<+pipeline.stages.Shell_Script.spec.execution.steps.Harness_Approval_Step.output.approverInputs.foo> == 1`

### Option: User Groups as Expressions

> Select Expression tab for **User Groups** field. User Groups in Harness Approvals can be provided as expressions in two ways:

Author: done

* **Individual Expression**: Select **Individual** option to specify individual expressions for each user group that needs to be configured as Approvers. Add more user groups by clicking on **Add** button.  

![](./static/adding-harness-approval-stages-18.png)

> * **Combined Expression**: Select **Combined** option to specify a combined expression for all user groups that needs to be configured as Approvers. This expression should resolve in a list of strings.

Author: done

> For example, combined expression for usergroups field can be 

Author: done

`<+ <+pipeline.variables.grouplist1> + "," + <+pipeline.variables.grouplist2> >.split(",")`

> where the expression `<+pipeline.variables.grouplist1>` resolves to the value : `_project_all_users,testUserGroup`

Author: done

> and the expression `<+pipeline.variables.grouplist2>` resolves to the value : `org._organization_all_users,account._account_all_users`. The above two expressions resolve to a string of comma separated user groups. The combined expression will resolve to a list of 4 user groups (`_project_all_users`, `testUserGroup`, `org._organization_all_users` and `account._account_all_users`). 

Author: done

     :::important

>      Please ensure no spaces are given in expression values for example `_project_all_users,testUserGroup` to match the split criteria exactly which is `,` in this example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Make sure no spaces are present in the expression values. In the above example, the format must be `_project_all_users,testUserGroup` to match the split criteria `,` . 
```

Author: done
